For more complicated validation scenarios, our special kind of forum request class can be created.
Let's make one using bipartisan make request and call it Star Post.
The request classes are kept inside the AAFP HDP requests folder.
Therefore, request classes are an alternative to putting validation rules directly inside the controller.
So you should change the type of the class in the storm, edit from request to the store post, by the
way, make sure that this store post class is being imported at the top.
The rules method on this new class should return an array with validation rules.
So let's move this array that we have inside the controller.
And pasted to the rules, medalled inside the store post class.
Now, in the controller, you just read the validated data.
Using the request validated methods.
The cast on foreign requests work the same way as if you would call the validate method on the base
request object.
If there are errors, it would redirect to the last page with errors.
Flash to the session.
When everything is fine, it just continues execution.
The validated variable will now contain an array with all the input for which we have provided the validation
rules.
So instead of using the request input method directly to read the raw input, we should read the input
from the validated variable array instead so validated title and validated content.
The forum requests can do more than just allow you to move the rules to another place.
The outrace method can check if the user is allowed to actually send this form, we will cover authorization
later.
So for now, you can just returned from this method.
Finally, let's check if everything still works.
So try to send a form with some valid data and it works correctly.
Very soon you will also see how you can quickly create models directly from an array using a feature
called Mass Assignment.